good morning and welcome back to a day
in my life
i get the full london experience today
as i manage to
actually leave my house i've decided to
meet a friend for some clinical practice
and as he's apparently decided to ruin
my life
he's booked a 9 a.m slot which means i
have to wake up at 7
30. i first get a very balanced backrest
on my way to the station
which i enjoy while receiving the news
that my friend is actually going to be
late
which combined with the traffic on my
end makes us both meet at the same time
he offered to get coffee which for me
means boiled leaves in a bag
and we catch up by chatting about
possible diagnoses of an interesting
psychiatric patient he'd seen
we then progress to the actual learning
where we take it in turns to act as a
doctor and a patient
and explore the depths of our
inadequacies
thinking we're more likely to pass a
hollywood audition station than an oski
station at this point
we switch to clinical skills and
cannulate our arm
finally feeling our tuition fees are
justified by the needles we used
we head home i first go to borough
market
and get some lunch it's raining on my
way back
and with my umbrella yet to be located i
end up half running home
i've got half an hour before a meeting
so i have lunch while working on a
university project
with my first call of the day over i
head back to my room to prepare for my
next two
i'm the designated notetaker something i
keep forgetting continuously
okay is someone writing these down
somewhere by the way yes
some of some of them next i have three
more meetings only two of which require
my full attention
and so i managed to multitask by drawing
illustrations for a video
to avoid having to spend another 2 a.m
night
at this point it's 8 30 which is when i
thought i'd be done for calls
for today before i realized i have my
catch-up call with ollie
so now left with a blessing of one free
hour i decide to go to the lounge and
get some more work done on my university
project
finally ready for the call i first have
to send three texts on two different
apps to remind him of the meeting
we then catch up on how busy the week
has been
between us we somehow managed to make
every upcoming week even more busy than
the previous one
even amongst barely being serious
how's your vlog going
well i end my truly last call for the
night and decide i actually should
probably edit this vlog before i sleep
so my plan to go to bed early goes
completely out of the window
i still haven't found my umbrella but i
do sleep excited to be in hospital
tomorrow
thanks for spending the day with me and
i hope you have a wonderful one yourself
[Music]
bye